okay hello hello so I started to eat
it's really just want to say that who
ones last year's talk about mentioning
that interoperability as a key which is
really really what what what we've been
working on for a long long time and I
just have a nice canned video to share
[Music]
three years ago the word on the street
was decentralization decentralized
technologies were going to usher in a
revolution yet decentralized
technologies currently compete with each
other instead of completing one another
now we run the risk of moving from a
landscape of siloed apps to a landscape
of siloed ecosystems so there's still a
deeper problem that needs to be solved
to affect change that matters to
ordinary people us also have boundless
interoperability decentralized
architecture like ipfs has allowed
entirely new structures to emerge that
allow data and knowledge to flow in ways
that will never possible before in order
to fully take advantage of decentralized
protocols and storage trail cub believes
that we also need a human centric
architecture completely changing the way
that humans and Technology interact to
make us smarter and to let us build
better sense making tools we're
extending our cognition in an upward
spiral of traveling solving capacity in
other words it improves our ability to
improve currently Internet users are
satellites revolving around big company
hubs trail hub reimagines architecture
to make the user at the center choosing
the exact capabilities and interfaces
that they prefer it basically combines
the best of email and social media so
like with email how it used to be it's
super simple you retain ownership of all
the data but it's also more fun
and easy like social media also giving
us stuff like recommendations
recommendation engines you can pick up
little pieces of information and put
them in your basket or a slit box you
have total control over how you organize
your information and over time as you
intake and internally associate these
information bits you build up your own
colorful neural network and become
smarter and better organized just like
you can with wrong notion in Evernote
the problem is of course these companies
own in control all their users data
trail hugs allow each user to build up
their own neural network and then share
the parts that they want with others as
people start sharing a grassroots a
neural network starts forming and these
synapses are made forming an
increasingly sophisticated knowledge
graph it's like Google but built from
the bottom up and owned by the users
themselves who have total control of
their contributions to the whole thanks
so much for watching trail pumps is
really really powerful architecture and
it's also really really simple